oh yeah what's going on guys welcome to
a very late pack opening I've got to be
quiet it is twelve o'clock and EA have
just dropped a matter the match Luis
Flores impacts oh oh dear ninety rated
Lewis warrants look at this card are
there any on the market oh there is one
there is one a 5.3 million bid look how
nice that card looks 90 rated I'm gonna
open some special packs that I did say
about for this I did think he was gonna
get him out of the match he scored two
goals against man city and in general
had a very very good game if you need
coins to a full plays like this you fifa
link at the top of the description and
drop a like on today's video and I might
even pink slip him you know I think he's
gonna be around about six million or so
but let's go and open some packs and get
him oh my god let's go oh right let's do
this 25000 coin bags hang on did he just
gleichen open the 15k if it did i'm not
gonna be happy oh no it didn't indian
we've got Mandanda strootman Gargano
who's actually being upgraded and loads
of fitness cause I'm just gonna store
them in oh my god please let me pack
this far as please oh oh my god
eventually if I gamer dunno how ray is
gonna be like oh I think that he's been
out 10 to 15 minutes and there was only
one on the market which is absolutely
ridiculous but in this one we got
Fellaini are graded Philippe Anderson
and Danny low also I think he's actually
upgraded to you don't a bad player but
let's just all those into the club
please yay come on I've even saved I've
even save a couple more of the special
pack so i might even go on another
account and open them and we get 0 geral
williamson Congo and Jared uh yeah come
on yay show me show me at least some
informs on that like we've got a decent
team of the week I think I think it's
still the team of the week with my good
sir and Mullah Omar am I mistaken no I
think it is oh my god bravo Bravo yeah
okay this is good move on to the next
one I'm gonna have to go into another
account like this is serious this is 90
rated Luis Suarez please hand on a bitch
Oh back onto my other account when he'll
okay packs are still here I thought I
actually opened them on this account
when they first came out but now I saved
them it's all good and we are still
getting rubbish Huntelaar come on
DeMarcus please EA pleaze to show me an
in-form or that 90 rated luis suarez
what a game you actually had though
against Man City played like that his
first goal came out and nothing pretty
much like I think it was just chipped
overall it took a deflection you just
turned hit with his left and a really
really good finish but that war what was
that back what was that back no way come
on please let me know in the comment
section though if you're excited for
Luis Suarez I will do my best to pick
him up I think he's gonna be at least
six mil 7 mil so I probably you do like
a player review on him or put me into a
team but if he plays anything like he's
well his non informed card that I've
been using in project cr7 he is gonna be
ridiculously good like he has just taken
control in that series and if you have
missed the recent episode facials check
it out oh my god yeah we can bring him
into that series as well I was going to
be sick right a better offer really
Perrin as well I got a ghetto again I
don't know if he goes for anything he's
actually not too bad I like to silver
before he got upgraded right this is
going to be the last pack guys drop a
like in today's video and I will do my
best to get it out if we can push for
like 500 600 likes and I'll go and
purchase myself and 90 radius twice but
that pack to finish it off was awful but
yeah guys let me know if you want me to
do a video name oh my god I can't
believe he's dropped I can't believe
they've actually diet just for two goals
at this early on in a Champions League
ah it's so good anyway guys take it easy
you hope you have a nice night or if
you're in a different country a nice
morning anyway take it easy that's i'll
see you on the next one boys so guys if
you're lucky enough to pack him make
sure to let me know on Twitter and yay
at this team of the week ball coming up
today hopefully he's the impacts and we
can do like a team and we pack opening
but anyway guys see you later click them
box if you missed yesterday's video and
i will see you on the next one boys